Magalie Marcellus: I have
No.
Magalie Marcellus: Hey, how are you
Kelley Briscar: I'm better now, other than as you're going to ask to speak to kind of cut a little sure I've got, like, the worst headache known to man. I mean, we could talk for, you know, but it's just like, I think it's just from everything that's gone on the last few days with like
Kelley Briscar: You know, a day, but I've tried Tylenol and nothing's
Kelley Briscar: So,
Magalie Marcellus: There's something specific happen.
Kelley Briscar: It's been different.
Kelley Briscar: Know they started where, you know, which is our first regional offices owned by the
Kelley Briscar: Teacher and short on Friday dealing with issues with that. And then the stimulus money that was easy getting
Kelley Briscar: My mother ended up playing me on her cafe without nine hours, she's been doing and apparently for years.
Kelley Briscar: She because she claimed to me as a dependent that cancels me out that money to check the desperate. We use right now and I
Kelley Briscar: Don't plan or, you know,
Kelley Briscar: So I've been arguing over that, you know,
Kelley Briscar: It's just miserable. I was that I go to groups. And when I checked.
Kelley Briscar: Out the math than they used to come through when they
Kelley Briscar: Tried to get a win win. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, cuz I know the concern.
Magalie Marcellus: On
Magalie Marcellus: I'm sad to hear that about
Magalie Marcellus: The check things. How did you find out
Kelley Briscar: Something about it, you know, my mom used to claim us. But that's when she you know I
Kelley Briscar: Mean, nobody but myself set
Kelley Briscar: Right.
Kelley Briscar: You know, but taking care of myself now for years and years. You know, I
Kelley Briscar: Never safety. She's claiming that she where she told me about this, I would have remembered something like this, I would not
Kelley Briscar: Get you know I mean I would have been like okay well what am I going to get out.
give you something.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, so I definitely would have heard that that
Kelley Briscar: Conversation with my mother about money.
Kelley Briscar: If you don't forget in house. It's not easy to do it. Oh.
Kelley Briscar: And I tried to approach the subject, probably you have a cheat completely overreacted she was two minutes. Sounds, you know, like I would be on for a whole and demanding, you know, stuff on her. And of course, my father is
Kelley Briscar: In the, you know, paying attention to what's going on. So do you think I'm talking my mother, like, you know, or you know what I'm saying.
Kelley Briscar: So then I saw him screaming happening in background, you know, when I'm not even doing anything. I couldn't you know
Kelley Briscar: I don't know what was up with my mother these last couple days. But, I mean, I haven't developed to get full sentences out and she
Kelley Briscar: You know overreacting and and making it look like give me know I'm just been horrible to her or something and it wasn't the case at all. I tried very hard. I've been trying very hard for a while now to be a good daughter to her, you know,
Kelley Briscar: And and then I get credit for it. You know, I'm not in the wrong. I didn't do it.
Magalie Marcellus: No, no, sort of a non
Magalie Marcellus: That should have. You should have had a conversation
Magalie Marcellus: From the
Magalie Marcellus: From the point that she was allowing you know if she was using your information.
Kelley Briscar: Like we'll touch on. Now if you know they said, Of course they ended up saying that they would give to the 1200 hours and they're going to get it anyways that you know for for claiming among I know what else you know
Kelley Briscar: And
Kelley Briscar: And relations with it. Oh, well, we're right now, we're only going to give you 500 and then when we get on with it up the rest. Well, desktop that really helped me to put the plans I have for it.
Kelley Briscar: I needed a majority of it says, I was going to fail for two weeks on the road so I didn't have to worry about it for a little
While
Kelley Briscar: Right away.
Kelley Briscar: I can't do that with with five you know 500
Magalie Marcellus: So what's the reason behind it, why she can give you whatever that
Magalie Marcellus: spoke to you.
Magalie Marcellus: She's still getting
Magalie Marcellus: She's getting something
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, I know.
Magalie Marcellus: You, your question.
Kelley Briscar: Yep. Well, like I said, She's saying that God will give me the rock and, you know, they get somebody in a minute, or whatever, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Just like she doesn't understand that mines know You owe it all to be shouldn't be the way you want to do it.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. All right.
Magalie Marcellus: And the payment is it comes out in one, as far as I know, is it
Magalie Marcellus: in one lump sum. So you just take whatever that was to you and give you the other question.
Kelley Briscar: But it's not complicated for them or they've got plenty recovery. They're not hurting
You know it.
Kelley Briscar: Is not even for them to go.
Kelley Briscar: Take that out it, give it to me. You know, I mean,
Magalie Marcellus: Especially when
Magalie Marcellus: You say, Carlos has a
Magalie Marcellus: Lower
Magalie Marcellus: Hours.
Magalie Marcellus: Hours. So
Kelley Briscar: Yeah. Well, now they're back up to what they were before. Same
Kelley Briscar: Guy. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: But that kind of
Kelley Briscar: You know, maybe a little difficulty last, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Couple weeks you might to catch up or whatever else that you you were struggling with
Magalie Marcellus: Right and
Magalie Marcellus: That
Kelley Briscar: When I bring up to her, you know, situation at the moment we don't have much you know about it right now. And I thought, well, that's not that's not my problem. You know,
Kelley Briscar: Me.
Kelley Briscar: I didn't know
Kelley Briscar: My mouth. I mean,
Kelley Briscar: It hurts more than anything, really, you know, the way I spoke to get, you know, easily just regarded and treated
Kelley Briscar: You know, and but and there's my brothers who can you know as me some through how constantly and he's the ones babies baby and and you know she didn't know
And
Kelley Briscar: So, I mean, she ended up spending $500 with Carla home and and novel didn't even tell me
Magalie Marcellus: Ignore a show sending in
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, ignored me when I end up in fact master Jaffe know what was, you know, going on me.
Kelley Briscar: When I did something like this is my fault or something. No, this is not my doing I would much rather than dealing with the government and dealing with her. Trust me, I
Mean
Kelley Briscar: Anything they've ever had to do with money to become completely, you know, different person.
Kelley Briscar: It's
Magalie Marcellus: It's unfortunate, because again, she knows your situation and how there was be helpful for you guys. So for her not to recognize
Kelley Briscar: You know how
Magalie Marcellus: Her reaction is that it's really affecting your right now.
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: And now, it means I don't have to deal with her to get the rest of the damn money, you know,
Kelley Briscar: At this point, I'm just so hurt and aggregated that I really would rather just
Kelley Briscar: For a little while, you know, not like completely blow offering my dad and my mother tie
Kelley Briscar: Our advocates in doing, you know,
Kelley Briscar: I never tried to make fun of that and i don't i don't want to do that right now. You know, I
Kelley Briscar: Will now be having to southern much to worry about it. That's
Kelley Briscar: When it comes to be wrong, but I could be a possibility is not being perfect and being that
Magalie Marcellus: Just
Kelley Briscar: Like it she just gave it all to me at all. The one I wasn't, I wasn't able to do. I hadn't had to do it.
Kelley Briscar: Which, you know, would have been in IT OFF ME NOT HAVING TO WORRY, he, you know, but that was a neat, you know it for other things, you know, like the weather but
Kelley Briscar: Not
Kelley Briscar: The not only today.
Kelley Briscar: But like I gotta deal with her again.
Kelley Briscar: Instead of just being able to be like, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Get some money and take a space have this be
Magalie Marcellus: Well, um,
Magalie Marcellus: No. Okay. So, but right now she's nine, you don't know any idea when she's gonna give you
Kelley Briscar: Know, Jesus said when they get what you know they're there, whatever that I run
Magalie Marcellus: This shift.
Magalie Marcellus: Taxes for you.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, but I think you're talking about simular
Magalie Marcellus: OK.
Magalie Marcellus: So now that's
Magalie Marcellus: Why I'm confused because I don't know if she's getting a refund from her regular taxes.
Kelley Briscar: But
Magalie Marcellus: She isn't gaining back and you
Kelley Briscar: Know, but you're still getting credit for money taken off for to
Magalie Marcellus: Either dependent. Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Watch here.
Kelley Briscar: Because again, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Really if I did that happen, I would be completely oblivious.
Magalie Marcellus: And you wouldn't know. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and that's
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, and he or she
Kelley Briscar: Is a time I need help, you know,
Kelley Briscar: $20 or whatever it you know in a dark side. And I go through. I brought it always if you know issue and she's been getting that money for me.
Kelley Briscar: All the time. And then really me like that. And then I have a lead on this button. How to Be as the phone, not even like I should say the thing I know for me for somebody died she
Magalie Marcellus: Right, because you saving her
Kelley Briscar: Finance. So, you know, I've been
Kelley Briscar: Working. So in the past, but it's just like
Kelley Briscar: All the
Kelley Briscar: Next topic.
Kelley Briscar: And
Kelley Briscar: That's what
Kelley Briscar: A
Magalie Marcellus: Man DOES YOUR BROTHER LIVES IN THE HOUSE WITH THAT.
Kelley Briscar: Oh yeah yeah you live.
Kelley Briscar: Date.
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: Why she fell. She needs to use you as an independent
Kelley Briscar: Boss my knee or something like that as well. Again, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: I remember
Kelley Briscar: One nation.
Kelley Briscar: Right. Was she
Kelley Briscar: Was a big
Kelley Briscar: Vision and I had a little bit of money.
Kelley Briscar: Or you off because I'm like, I really, you know,
Kelley Briscar: You know, which he was
Kelley Briscar: He never let me forget about me.
Kelley Briscar: And maybe
Kelley Briscar: That was the only way. No.
Kelley Briscar: No.
Magalie Marcellus: When does when does policy about that.
Kelley Briscar: Ridiculous.
Kelley Briscar: Blah, blah, you know,
What techniques.
Kelley Briscar: I was thinking out
Kelley Briscar: To, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Provide group of an older picture.
Kelley Briscar: And I think the most
Kelley Briscar: And then it dawned on me. You know, when we did you know hey Ash and then advice.
Kelley Briscar: So boom right there.
Kelley Briscar: That
Kelley Briscar: Is all
Okay that dad again.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, if you want you can turn on the video for a little bit.
Magalie Marcellus: Because it's kind of coming
In
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, so
Magalie Marcellus: Right. So, so what you say this. Your stepfather was upset because of the way you are talking to your mom. Oh, wow.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: He thought I was
Kelley Briscar: You know, being deterred.
Kelley Briscar: Me who are yelling at her or, you know, the
Kelley Briscar: Perfect situation.
Kelley Briscar: And the way she was acting. You know, I really honestly
Kelley Briscar: Wanted. I was not i'm not going for.
Kelley Briscar: The end of the conversation.
But that was
Kelley Briscar: Directed towards him, because I can hear him yelling in the background.
And
Magalie Marcellus: So he was getting involved in the conversation.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah you know that all just enough binary and color is nothing that they're not willing when all this
Kelley Briscar: Like, I think I'm not even I wasn't able to get through a full sentence with a mother. But how the hell am I sitting here being ungrateful or whatever it is you're, you know, you're saying, I mean like
Kelley Briscar: Like, like I told her, in a way, the problem because she doing. She's like a drama for us. And, you know, seems like you to play the part like you know being mistreated or something and
Kelley Briscar: That causes the issues then whereas you know with him. And it's like I wasn't doing that at all.
I did not
Kelley Briscar: Know it just like whatever they could think with a lot of things like that that is what it is.
Kelley Briscar: Not letting me
Kelley Briscar: Know I just
Want
Kelley Briscar: To add a deal with a
Magalie Marcellus: Wide. Well, you can still keep your distance we certainly can. But then, from time to time to check in and when she's at the remaining funds available and not just Carlos talk to her at all.
No.
Kelley Briscar: No know with my stepfather be surprised if
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, yeah. Monday when we have it.
Kelley Briscar: So,
Kelley Briscar: They kind of have fun. Chef, you know,
Kelley Briscar: He really doesn't have much interest in the Civil War each other's knowledge is the issue.
It's just it really
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: So we interact with that.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, yeah, maybe no. Yes, yes. And that maybe can reason with and
Magalie Marcellus: Because of the friendship with Carlos.
Maybe that could be
Magalie Marcellus: A way.
Magalie Marcellus: Where the if he thinks that what your mom did is OK then, you know, maybe
Kelley Briscar: You when you
Magalie Marcellus: Said that
Yes.
Kelley Briscar: It's not like it's a surprise to him. I'm sure that you know their, their capital.
Magalie Marcellus: Angel join
Magalie Marcellus: Can stuff.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, again, he might I don't know what your mom told me your mom did tell him that you okay with it. So that could be another
Magalie Marcellus: Reason why he felt that
Magalie Marcellus: It was okay but regardless, the right thing for her to do, especially with your timing issues. It's hard to give you your question, then you know you start over.
Magalie Marcellus: From the area, then the, the next year, she knows not to use your information because you should be able to
Magalie Marcellus: Claim for yourself if you need to have that
Kelley Briscar: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: You again it's it's surprising how you find out about it.
Magalie Marcellus: Because it sounds like
Magalie Marcellus: It's been online. I wonder how why you're why they even mentioned something
Kelley Briscar: Like that. My brother, like I said, it was a fun one, like fun.
Magalie Marcellus: And because
Kelley Briscar: His sons, if they knew that when they were younger. She's quite bad. And with this money coming. They just wanted to make
Kelley Briscar: You know why and
Kelley Briscar: Whenever if you're if you're playing, then you can you don't have money in
Magalie Marcellus: My age.
Magalie Marcellus: Dependent or somebody else.
Kelley Briscar: Yes. Yeah, so, you know, they were just making sure that they, you know, claim and then mentioned, but you should be about you and I
Kelley Briscar: Know when you do that has been helped me really in in years and years and years.
Kelley Briscar: And then when I get on Fox or
Kelley Briscar: A lot. Yeah, I was.
Kelley Briscar: Happy
Kelley Briscar: At all.
Magalie Marcellus: And why any have every right to be upset because you know that was in the writing part to do so. Did he cry. Many of your kids.
Kelley Briscar: No, no, no, no.
Kelley Briscar: Go there.
Magalie Marcellus: No cuz I know at some point you guys were in the same house or
Kelley Briscar: So ago, long time ago.
Kelley Briscar: Oh, yeah.
Kelley Briscar: She's doing with them for me. Of course she kept on. Yeah, she said so. Matter of attitude about it, you know, she asked questions to this seminar is and
Kelley Briscar: I can kitty so that they're going in and out of pocket for there's no, like how they're getting money back from me. But what what other, you know, first of all, even if
Kelley Briscar: That's not my fault or problem. You know, you wouldn't be in the situation if you hadn't done but you did, you know, like
Kelley Briscar: I did make it out to be the one that you know the bad daughter, that's, you know, talking this no issue for my for stressed out, you know, mother will join the father who is the
Kelley Briscar: Chief
Magalie Marcellus: Wearing what she's make she's the head so defense that, you know, which is helping us so she's entitled to that, but it's not okay. And again, you know if if for whatever reason she thought that you knew you know which is
Magalie Marcellus: Which is, you know, kind of, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Rare for her for all that time that you didn't know about it, but you still approach it in a way that you guys can work it out. Then he doesn't get with that extent.
Kelley Briscar: Know if
Kelley Briscar: You're on it and control on it's just controlled when I finally died, you know, maybe
Kelley Briscar: That and then it's not what you know, the floor is what they choose to give me for now. You know, so they still have to throw over that part of it and make
Kelley Briscar: It so I gotta go. See, you have to keep
Kelley Briscar: Asking on with it. Yes. I absolutely hate this. I hate being in this position. I hate having to deal with. So when it comes to this, I make a point. I gotta be pretty just for for something to go to my mother for Monday. That's how much I hate dealing. So when it comes to anything.
Magalie Marcellus: That funny.
Kelley Briscar: Oh, it's like it's not over for me because I'm not about $700, you know, just go out the window. We could use that to death, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Like I can be like all the hats. You know, it's just, it's too important. You know, so it's like ever done having to
Kelley Briscar: Continue to deal with it. You know when to take it take us to me at one time. And I mean, Sydney you're going on about it, it's gonna change anything. I know that, you know, I know. Calm down. I mean, I just happened.
Magalie Marcellus: Today, you know, I mean, so it was
Magalie Marcellus: Shocking because you nobody anticipated that so
Magalie Marcellus: You know your reaction is
Normal
Magalie Marcellus: The thing is, is you know what I'm hoping that she realized that she was in the wrong and that she may make it right by giving you your portion and then you guys can
Magalie Marcellus: Take your space and we regroup and get back together. Because like you said she. This is a HER. SHE PLAYS VICTIM. So anytime. If something doesn't go her way she's gonna make it seem that somebody's blaming her for whatever happened.
Magalie Marcellus: So, but in the knowledge you know this is the way she is you just
Magalie Marcellus: Got yourself in your interaction with
Magalie Marcellus: Now what does she help you with that you feel that you need to keep contact with that she he or she provides some transportation. Correct.
Kelley Briscar: Like the scripture sometime like that, but mostly I keep contact with my mom.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, and okay
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, yeah. And you just checking in with them, making sure yeah
Kelley Briscar: No.
Kelley Briscar: No, and I worry about or I know that a lot on their plate with my brother and
Kelley Briscar: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Well, but this is still fresh in so Fred so you know when it settle down and everybody
Magalie Marcellus: Cool up eventually. You know, maybe you guys can even have a conversation in a in a calm way when nobody's getting defensive, anything like that.
Magalie Marcellus: But for now, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Just
Magalie Marcellus: check in and see you do you communicate by text or you do you normally call her to
Kelley Briscar: Either or. I go, Emily color, but I just thought
Magalie Marcellus: Though
Kelley Briscar: I might just a few days 30 days, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, we can I get the rest of that money, you know,
Kelley Briscar: And then even if
The cheaper type of
Kelley Briscar: You know that house. Yeah, I mean,
Kelley Briscar: The one
Kelley Briscar: Show. It's more me substrate ignore
Magalie Marcellus: Responding to the tax.
Kelley Briscar: Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Can you
Magalie Marcellus: Are now under yeah
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: So,
Kelley Briscar: You know Jesus. He just asked me about, even though that trippin like nine
Kelley Briscar: Of our know
Magalie Marcellus: Wow. Yeah. Even though it's fun. So you pause
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, we'll
Magalie Marcellus: See, but it sounds like you, you already know pretty much
Magalie Marcellus: What changes, you just gonna have to kind of keep it in your head. Okay, you know,
Kelley Briscar: More than likely hashtag always
Magalie Marcellus: You just not to fall in for her, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Reaction.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, that's worked on. No.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Well, again,
Magalie Marcellus: She's your emotion. She's still, you know, working on your emotion right now. And she knows how to get your worked up as well because
Magalie Marcellus: She is your mom. So, so she's gonna do whatever in her part to make you feel guilty about what happened but but you know it anything wrong. So you just gonna do what you need to do to make sure you get what's it all to you and then sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: A relationship, even if it's not the way was we sent over time. You guys can kind of we build that. But for now, Jerry to because it's so fresh and everybody's still probably upset. So just to have a little bit of a distance so you guys can figure it out.
Magalie Marcellus: Come back later time. But again, it is hard. So it should mean this time everybody needs money and socially your situation. You guys been trying to say. So you can get a, you know, stable place and all that, too. So
Magalie Marcellus: She should recognize that and don't
Magalie Marcellus: Don't know about that.
Magalie Marcellus: But she's using your information. So it is a should be high.
Now,
Magalie Marcellus: I'll see you
Kelley Briscar: Here, waiting for it to go on my card deck all that should have been not happy.
Kelley Briscar: With no
Magalie Marcellus: No, you will be waiting. Waiting in vain. So
Magalie Marcellus: It's good that you know now you know what you're dealing with and how to approach it.
Kelley Briscar: Right.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: It's still a pain, but they just don't know. Da da da da her work, your, your nose. Amen.
Magalie Marcellus: In I know it's hard because because she
Magalie Marcellus: The situation is difficult. So
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, right.
Magalie Marcellus: Everything's good. Carlos right
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and
Magalie Marcellus: As he says what happened with mom.
Kelley Briscar: No, not really.
Kelley Briscar: Happy with the money.
For this
Kelley Briscar: But along
Magalie Marcellus: With that one good thing I face you know you didn't get the full thing but you got a portion
Magalie Marcellus: So we're gonna
Magalie Marcellus: Start with that.
Magalie Marcellus: Then you know
We might heard
Magalie Marcellus: Some gentle reminder when you're going to have them.
Magalie Marcellus: The balance of valuable. So you can start to
Magalie Marcellus: You know, then and see where she goes from that what we splashing gives you. But as we should say to give you
Yeah, so
Magalie Marcellus: Again, I'm sorry I have to go to that, you know, this time, but you just have
Magalie Marcellus: Like you
Kelley Briscar: Know, I did it just seemed like anything that can go wrong.
Kelley Briscar: You know houses for me it's like who would have thought that million years. Not like that, you know, as
Magalie Marcellus: Well, but but it took something for you to find out.
Kelley Briscar: Because they will have been a long journey.
Magalie Marcellus: To find out, so
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, actually, it is a
Magalie Marcellus: Stone way positive in it, even though
Magalie Marcellus: It's a pain. Find out, but I think you know now and
Magalie Marcellus: Right in the future. She won't be using information and that way.
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, so just keep doing what you do and take some deep breaths us whether we can meditate play with the crowd and making sure that you know that doesn't set you back.
Kelley Briscar: Because
Magalie Marcellus: You doing great. Okay.
Kelley Briscar: Okay, thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: So you wanna. When do you want to meet next
Kelley Briscar: We have in place for this coming Monday.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm at today.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah. Do you want to still keep death. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: You might
Kelley Briscar: Want to keep your mind. Well, yeah.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, if anything,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so if anything changes, let me know. But I'll leave it for the states and okay
Kelley Briscar: All right.
Magalie Marcellus: Take care of. Yes. Yeah. See you Monday, I take it,